Dev guide: review quick start (#8667)
pingcap/docs: develop/dev-guide-sample-application-java.md

<div label="Using JDBC" href="get-code-jdbc">

> Change directory to `plain-java-jdbc`:

Author: ```suggestion
Change to the `plain-java-jdbc` directory:
```

> Change directory to `plain-java-jdbc`:

Author: `cd` stands for "change directory", use "change" might be more suitable here.

<div label="Using Hibernate (Recommended)" href="get-code-hibernate">

Compared with Hibernate, the JDBC implementation might be not a best practice, because you need to write error handling logic manually and cannot reuse code easily, which makes your code slightly redundant.

Hibernate is a popular open-source Java ORM, and it supports TiDB dialect starting from `v6.0.0.Beta2`, which fits TiDB features well. The following instructions take `v6.0.0.Beta2` as an example.

> Change directory to `plain-java-hibernate`:

Author: ```suggestion
Change to the `plain-java-hibernate` directory:
```

</hibernate-configuration>
```

> `HibernateExample.java` is the main body of the `plain-java-hibernate`. Compared with JDBC, when using Hibernate, it is only needed to write the path of configuration, as Hibernate avoid detailed difference between different databases when creating a database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`HibernateExample.java` is the main body of the `plain-java-hibernate`. Compared with JDBC, when using Hibernate, you only need to write the path of the configuration file, because Hibernate avoids differences in database creation between different databases.
```

> `PlayerDAO` is a class used to manage data, in which `DAO` means [Data Access Object](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Data_access_object). The class defines a set of data manipulation methods for writing data. Compared with JDBC, Hibernate encapsulates a large number of operations such as object mapping, and CRUD of basic objects, which greatly simplifies the amount of code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`PlayerDAO` is a class used to manage data, in which `DAO` means [Data Access Object](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Data_access_object). The class defines a set of data manipulation methods for writing data. Compared with JDBC, Hibernate encapsulates a large number of operations such as object mapping and CRUD of basic objects, which greatly simplifies the code.
```

## Step 3. Run the code

The following content introduces how to run the code step by step.

### Step 3.1 Table initialization

<SimpleTab>

<div label="Using JDBC" href="jdbc-table-init-jdbc">

When using JDBC, you need to initialize the database tables manually. If you are using a local cluster, and MySQL client has been installed locally, you can run it directly in the `plain-java-jdbc` directory:

{{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

```shell
make mysql
```

> Or you can execute the following command directly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or you can execute the following command:
```

{{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

```shell
mysql --host 127.0.0.1 --port 4000 -u root<src/main/resources/dbinit.sql
```

If you are using a non-local cluster or MySQL client has not been installed, connect to your cluster and run the statement in the `src/main/resources/dbinit.sql` file.

</div>

<div label="Using Hibernate (Recommended)" href="jdbc-table-init-hibernate">

No need to initialize tables manually.

</div>

</SimpleTab>

> ### Step 3.2 Change parameters for TiDB Cloud

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 3.2 Modify parameters for TiDB Cloud
```

<SimpleTab>

<div label="Using JDBC" href="tidb-cloud-jdbc">

> If you are using a non-local default cluster, such as TiDB Cloud or other remote clusters, change the parameters for Host, Post, User, Password in `JDBCExample.java`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using a non-local default cluster, such as TiDB Cloud or other remote clusters, modify the parameters of the host, port, user, and password in `JDBCExample.java`:
```

mysqlDataSource.setPassword("");
```

> If the password you set is `123456`, the connection string you get in TiDB Cloud is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Suppose that the password you set is `123456` and the connection string you get from TiDB Cloud is the following:
```

```
mysql --connect-timeout 15 -u root -h xxx.tidbcloud.com -P 4000 -p
```

> Then change the parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, you can modify the parameters as follows:
```

<div label="Using Hibernate (Recommended)" href="tidb-cloud-hibernate">

> If you are using a non-local default cluster, such as TiDB Cloud or other remote cluster, change the `hibernate.connection.url`, `hibernate.connection.username`, `hibernate.connection.password` in `hibernate.cfg.xml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using a non-local default cluster, such as TiDB Cloud or other remote cluster, modify the `hibernate.connection.url`, `hibernate.connection.username`, `hibernate.connection.password` in `hibernate.cfg.xml`.
```

</hibernate-configuration>
```

> If the password you set is `123456`, the connection string you get in TiDB Cloud is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Suppose that the password you set is `123456` and the connection string you get from TiDB Cloud is the following:
```

{{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

```shell
mysql --connect-timeout 15 -u root -h tidb.e049234d.d40d1f8b.us-east-1.prod.aws.tidbcloud.com -P 4000 -p
```

> Then change the configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, you can modify the parameters as follows:
```

<div label="Using JDBC" href="run-jdbc">

> To run the code, you can run `make build` and `make run` individually:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the code, you can run `make build` and `make run` respectively:
```

{{< copyable "shell" >}}

```shell
make build # this command executes `mvn clean package`
make run # this command executes `java -jar target/plain-java-jdbc-0.0.1-jar-with-dependencies.jar`
```

Or you can use the native commands:

{{< copyable "shell" >}}

```shell
mvn clean package
java -jar target/plain-java-jdbc-0.0.1-jar-with-dependencies.jar
```

> Or run the `make` command directly which is a combination of `make build` and `make run`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or run the `make` command directly, which is a combination of `make build` and `make run`.
```

</div>

<div label="Using Hibernate (Recommended)" href="run-hibernate">

> To run the code, you can run `make build` and `make run` individually:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the code, you can run `make build` and `make run` respectively:
```

{{< copyable "shell" >}}

```shell
make build # this command executes `mvn clean package`
make run # this command executes `java -jar target/plain-java-jdbc-0.0.1-jar-with-dependencies.jar`
```

Or you can use the native commands:

{{< copyable "shell" >}}

```shell
mvn clean package
java -jar target/plain-java-jdbc-0.0.1-jar-with-dependencies.jar
```

> Or run the `make` command directly which is a combination of `make build` and `make run`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or run the `make` command directly, which is a combination of `make build` and `make run`.
```
